## Fixed
- Transcluded block with a parent bullet does not embed sub-bullet [#853](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/853)
- Transcluded text will now exclude ^block-references at end of lines
- Phantom duplicates of the drawing appear when "zoom to fit" results in a zoom value below 10% and there are many objects on the canvas [#850](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/850)
- CTRL+Wheel will increase/decrease zoom in steps of 5% matching the behavior of the "+" & "-" zoom buttons.
- Latest updates from Excalidarw.com
  - Freedraw flip not scaling correctly [#5752](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/5752)
  - Multiple elements resizing regressions [#5586](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/5586)

## New - power user features
- Force the embedded image to always scale to 100%. Note: this is a very niche feature with a very particular behavior that I built primarily for myself (even more so than other features in Excalidraw Obsidian - also built primarily for myself 😉)... This will reset your embedded image to 100% size every time you open the Excalidraw drawing, or in case you have embedded an Excalidraw drawing on your canvas inserted using this function, every time you update the embedded drawing, it will be scaled back to 100% size. This means that even if you resize the image on the drawing, it will reset to 100% the next time you open the file or you modify the original embedded object. This feature is useful when you decompose a drawing into separate Excalidraw files, but when combined onto a single canvas you want the individual pieces to maintain their actual sizes. I use this feature to construct Book-on-a-Page summaries from atomic drawings.
- I added an action to the command palette to temporarily disable/enable Excalidraw autosave. When autosave is disabled, Excalidraw will still save your drawing when changing to another Obsidian window, but it will not save every 10 seconds. On a mobile device (but also on a desktop) this can lead to data loss if you terminate Obsidian abruptly (i.e. swipe the application away, or close Obsidian without first closing the drawing). Use this feature if you find Excalidraw laggy.