## Fixed
- When changing a text element in markdown mode, the change seem to have showed up when switching back to Excalidraw  mode, but then lost these changes when loading the file the next time.
- Scrolling through a page that has embedded drawings on Obsidian Mobile accidently opens the drawing in Excalidraw when touching the image. Now you need to press and hold to open the image in Excalidraw. [#1003](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/1003)
- The scrollbar is no longer visible when presenting using the SlideShow script
- Stroke properties could not be changed when custom pen settings had "Stroke & fill applies to: All shapes". It works now.

## QoL
- Custom pens will remember the stroke changes until you press the pen preset button again.
  - This is a bit hard to explain, let me try... Essentially, when you use a custom pen, it will keep the changes you made to the pen (like changing the stroke width) until you press the pen-prereset button again. So, for example, if you're using a mind mapping custom pen and change its color, and then switch to a different tool like text, when you switch back to the freedraw tool using the Excalidraw tools panel, the pen will still have the same color you set earlier, but if you press the mind mapping pen-preset button, it will default back to your custom pen settings including your preset color.
- Added new buttons to load current stroke color and background color in the pen settings dialog. Also added an edit box so you can configure any valid color string (including with transparency) for pen stroke and background colors. [#991](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/991)