## New/changed
**"Focus on Existing Tab"**
- New Setting: Disabled by default.
  - Prevents multiple instances of the same drawing from opening when clicking on links within Excalidraw.
  - Overrides the "Reuse Adjacent Pane" option when the file is already open.
  - Accessible under "Links, Transclusions, and TODOs" in plugin settings.

**Enhanced Context Menu Functions for Text Containers**
- Two new context menu functions added for containers with a text element:
  - Right-click to select the text element only, allowing independent color changes from the container.
  - Remove orphaned element links when the text element has a link but no longer includes a link in the text.

**Improved Laser Pointer Activation**
- Laser pointer activation on double tap in view mode removed due to interference with link navigation and other features.
- When the drawing is in "view" mode, laser pointer activation now available via long-press/right-click context menu.
- Alternatively, activate the laser pointer with "k" if you have a keyboard.

## Fixed
- **Older iOS and Android webview support**: Rebuilt all packages and dependencies with Node 18, hoping to address (sorry I can't reproduce/test these issues myself) compatibility issues with older iPad OS versions, up to 15.7. [#1525](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/1525), and Android [1598](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/1598)
- **Double-click navigation**: Fixed the issue where double-clicking an embedded image did not navigate to the link in view mode.
- **ExcaliBrain new file creation**: Resolved the issue with new file creation from ExcaliBrain. [#201](https://github.com/zsviczian/excalibrain/issues/201)
- **Canvas immersive style**: Removed Canvas immersive embedding style support from the Excalidraw stylesheet to address performance issues experienced by some users with various Obsidian themes. If you require this feature, you can add a CSS snippet with the provided code.


```css
.canvas-node:not(.is-editing):has(.excalidraw-canvas-immersive) {
  ::-webkit-scrollbar,
  ::-webkit-scrollbar-horizontal {
    display: none;
  }
  background-color: transparent !important;
}

.canvas-node:not(.is-editing) .canvas-node-container:has(.excalidraw-canvas-immersive) {
  border:       unset;
  box-shadow:   unset;
}
```
