## New
- Save "Snap to objects" with the scene state. If this is the only change you make to the scene, force save it using CTRL+S (note, use CTRL on Mac as well).
- Added "Copy markdown link" to the context menu.

## Fixed
- Paste operation occasionally duplicated text elements. [#1723](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/1723)
- Pasting multiple instances of the same image from excalidraw.com or another instance of Obsidian, or pasting an image from anywhere and making copies with ALT/OPT + drag immediately after pasting (before autosave triggered) led to broken images when reopening the drawing.
- CTRL/CMD+Click on a Text Element with an element link did not work (previously, you had to click the top right link indicator). Now, you can click anywhere on the element. [#1725](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/1725)
- Hover preview for elements with a link only worked when hovering over the element link. Now, you can hover anywhere. If there are multiple elements with links, the top-level element will take precedence.
- Link navigation within drawing when the "Focus on Existing Tab" feature is enabled under "Links, transclusion and TODOs" in settings works again.
- If a link points to a back-of-the-card section or block the drawing will automatically switch to markdown view mode and navigate to the block or section.
- DynamicSytle, dark mode when canvas background is set to transparent.
- Scale to maintain the aspect ratio of a markdown notes embedded as images.
- You can now borrow interactive markdown embeds to tables, blockquotes, list elements and callouts - not just paragraphs.
- Back of the drawing cards:
    - Leaving the Section Name empty when creating the first back of the card note resulted in an error.
    - If you add the markdown comment (`%%`) directly before `# Text Elements`, a trailing `#` will be added to your document, when adding a back of the card note. This is to hide the markdown comment from the card. The trailing (empty) `#` will not be visible in reading mode, pdf exports, and when publishing with Obsidian Publish. 
Here's a sample markdown structure of your document:

```markdown
---
excalidraw-plugin: parsed
---
# Your back of the card section
bla bla bla

#
%%
# Text Elements
... the rest of the Excalidraw file
```