## Fixed
- When the selection includes an elbow arrow the repositioning of the selected elements using the arrow keys is blocked unless the start and end elements binding to the arrow are also included in the selection [#8387](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/issues/8387)
- The context menu stopped working after editing properties with stats editor [#8385](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/issues/8385)
- Markdown pages embedded as an image (i.e. not using the interactive embeddable feature) did not display embedded Excalidraw images in the markdown page and did not display fonts correctly.
- I also fixed the input prompt to edit the markdown-image size. It was very unpredictable until now.
- When Obsidian search matches text from the markdown side of the document Excalidraw will switch to markdown view when navigating to the search result (by clicking on the line in Obsidian search). Until now switching to markdown only worked for sections and block references.

## New
- Editable grid size and grid frequency in Canvas & Shape Properties. ⚠️ Note that until 2.4.0 is released the setGrid script will not be updated - and the current one will not work. However, you can use the new shape properties editor instead.
- BIG QoL: When searching for text in Excalidraw, the search result will be highlighted with bold selection borders.
- CTRL/CMD+F (search) in Excalidraw will also search element links.
- Element links now support `#tags` and `(inline dataview:: [[links]])`. This way you can assign ontology and tags to your drawing without impacting the visual look and feel of the document (as these metadata elements will be hidden from view in the element link). Searching for these in Excalidraw with CTRL/CMD+F or Obsidian's built-in search is also possible.
- Clicking Obsidian search results will highlight elements in the drawing even if multiple elements match the query. This is true for link-, tag-, and text-matches equally.
- CTRL+CMD+Click (Mac default) / CTRL+Meta+Click (Windows default): To edit the image-file link will open an editor window where you can also edit the link for the image or PDF. This way you can replace the image file with another link or add `|100%` to the end of the excalidraw-image to anchor its size or change the `page=` or `rect=` for the embedded PDF page, etc.
- New Command Palette action: `Open the image-link or LaTeX-formula editor`

## New / changed in Excalidraw Automate
- ExcalidrawAutomate `getTemplate` returned an incorrect frontmatter when the template includes `%%` in front of `# Excalidraw Data`, this resulted in an error in the deconstructed file where the first text element got an additional `## Text Elements` heading.
- getOriginalImageSize() has a new optional parameter to wait for the image to load into view
- resetImageAspectRatio() is a new utility function that resets the image to its original aspect ratio.
  - If the image is resized then the function returns true.
  - If the image element is not in EA (only in the view), then if the image is resized, the element is copied to EA for Editing using copyViewElementsToEAforEditing([imgEl]).
  - Note you need to run await ea.addElementsToView(false); to add the modified image to the view.",
```ts
async getOriginalImageSize(imageElement: ExcalidrawImageElement, shouldWaitForImage: boolean=false): Promise<{width: number; height: number}>;

async resetImageAspectRatio(imgEl: ExcalidrawImageElement): Promise<boolean>;
```

