## New
### Native handwritten CJK font support! [8530](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/8530) 🎉  
To improve Excalidraw's startup time [#2068](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/issues/2068) and manage the large file size of the CJK font family, I’ve moved Excalidraw fonts out of the plugin's `main.js` file. Starting with version 2.5.3, fonts will be loaded from the internet. Normally, this should not cause any issues, as Obsidian caches these files after the first use.

However, if you prefer to keep Obsidian fully local, or if you have a slow internet connection, you can download the necessary font assets. Simply download the fonts from [GitHub](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/raw/refs/heads/master/assets/excalidraw-fonts.zip), unzip them, and save the contents to a folder in your vault.

**Steps:**
  - Download the font assets from [GitHub](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin/raw/refs/heads/master/assets/excalidraw-fonts.zip).
  - Unzip the contents into a folder within your vault (e.g., `Excalidraw/FontAssets`).
  - Do not set this folder to the Vault root or place other files (such as your local fonts) in this folder.

**Obsidian Sync Users:** If you want to sync these font files across devices, make sure Obsidian Sync is set to synchronize "All other file types".

**Note:** If you find this process cumbersome, I encourage you to submit a feature request with Obsidian.md to support plugin assets within the plugin folder. Currently, only a single plugin file (main.js) is supported. This limitation leads to slower plugin startup times and manual steps like this to manage assets such as fonts or libraries, which are currently all bundled into main.js.
